README.md, before:

# Professional-README-Generator

The purpose of this project is to help the fellow developer quickly and easily generate a README file using command-line application. 

## Description

Utilizing Inquirer to interact with the user, when a developer needs to generate a professional README, they can do so using this application through the terminalto dynamically generate one seamlessly. The application will lead the user through a series of questions to include in their README, upon which the user must type in their response. Upon completing the series of questions, their README file will be generated in their folder for their use. 

## Getting Started

Required program(s) needed is any common internet browser with Javascript enabled in said browser (most browsers already have them installed and enabled).

### Execution
To use README generator, the developer can simply type the command below in their terminal:
`npm install goodreadme`

## Screenshot


## Help
Please contact me if there are any issues!
alyssa.g200@gmail.com

## Author

Alyssa (Lyss) Garcia
https://lyssg2.github.io/Portfolio/ 

## Version History
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

Commit message:

Included video and photo in README

README.md, after:

# Professional-README-Generator

The purpose of this project is to help the fellow developer quickly and easily generate a README file using command-line application. 

## Description

Utilizing Inquirer to interact with the user, when a developer needs to generate a professional README, they can do so using this application through the terminalto dynamically generate one seamlessly. The application will lead the user through a series of questions to include in their README, upon which the user must type in their response. Upon completing the series of questions, their README file will be generated in their folder for their use. 

## Getting Started

Required program(s) needed is any common internet browser with Javascript enabled in said browser (most browsers already have them installed and enabled).

### Execution
To use README generator:
1. Download the repo from GitHub
2. Install Inquirer:
- `npm install inquirer`
3. Open Integrated Terminal in index.js file
4. Type in terminal:
- `node index.js`
5. Answer question prompts
6. Upon completion, README file will be generated

## Screenshot

Example photo of the generated README
![2021-11-13 (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89744530/141665643-564d1f02-601f-4a2d-997b-8e9ed5e357e5.png)

## Video of Application

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89744530/141665626-ad13c1ba-4fac-4b6c-8c78-8d5ee5bef6bb.mp4

## Help
Please contact me if there are any issues!
alyssa.g200@gmail.com

## Author

Alyssa (Lyss) Garcia
https://lyssg2.github.io/Portfolio/ 

## Version History
* 0.1
    * Initial Release
